This thread is locked because of trolling. Trolling in a thread about eating fish. 

 
By yourself right? 
How much OP? Here in NZ that's probably around $200NZD/$140USD. Not cheap but totally worth it!
 
How did the wood taste? 
How much did that cost? 
7dxqdf
Sounds like something concocted while stoned. I used to make peanut butter and dill pickle sandwiches 
Thanks for not saying grilled cheese. WW3 avoided.  
I should have put up details earlier. The Alfredo sause isn't some canned/packed wallpaper paste flavoured concoction, it's made with a lot of basil, black pepper, butter, Romano and Parmesan, milk, and an absurd amount of minced garlic. It's no different than having white sauces on a pizza or breadsticks - it's the same sauce I use for calzones. The Jack cheese was very minimal, one thin slice, mainly to melt across the onions to keep them from slipping all over, as I saut ed 1/4 of a large sweet onion for this. I hate dry sandwiches, hence the sauce. Oh, and the bread is a white/whole wheat mix. 

For u/403and780: it's just ordinary jarred pepperoncini; chopped one up onto a dry hot griddle until it wasn't as firm. 
Can you elaborate on the pepperoncini? I love those peppers, can sit down and eat a jar in a sitting, but I have never cooked with them. Come to think of it I've never had them not pickled. How did you prepare them? 
 Now that's a good looking grilled cheese. 
7dxqd6
The way I know things are ramen on reddit is the halved boiled egg.

You could put a halved boiled egg next to a turkey dinner, and now I would think it is ramen.  
looks great, although i'm not mad about the sweetcorn... 
My stomach just growled.  
Is that chicken katsu in there? 
Ehh.... corn? 
7dw40e
What makes it Irish? 
I m so craving this now. 
Its morning and that looks delish to me for breakfast! 
is there a hidden reference to the Protestant/Catholic divide? ? or is it the cauli? I like a cauli cheese  with beef btw...No subtext though.  gives me wind. 
That beef was cooked for at least twice as long as it should have been. 
7e0dfb
Not sure if perspective but those look like some massive scallops!  
Damn that looks yummy. 
What is the recipe for the wasabi potato? 
damn 
Weird question...what does that hat say? Also you had me at seared scallops, but a wasabi potato cake!!!! 
7dsqyn
If you don't post the recipe I will downvote all of your post and comment history and from this day forward rick roll you like a trike bike. 
I m not sure why the recipe isn t showing up for you guys but I ll try again here

Ingredients
* 8 apples peeled and sliced I used apples from my tree which are similar to McIntosh
* 2/3 cup brown sugar firmly packed
* 1/2 cup butter
* 2 vanilla beans split and seeds scraped
* pinch salt
* 1 loaf Challah bread cut into 1 inch pieces
* 1 1/2 cups whole milk
* 1 1/2 cups heavy cream
* 1/2 tsp salt
* 1 tsp cinnamon
* 1/4 tsp nutmeg
* 1 cup white sugar
* 4 whole eggs
* 3 egg yolks 
Quite yummy looking, a little curious about the sauce; some bread puddings can be a bit dry, but since this one has apples in it, I would assume it wouldn't be a dry one, so just extra flavor (and calories)? 
Mmmmmmm
 
Now that's a delicious looking bread pudding! 
7dwren
looks amaziing! 
...all by yourself? 
Omg is that Portillo's? 
That s my kinda breakfast  
Well worth the trade off for higher cholesterol that day. 
7e0l4o
Ok imma need that recipe tho 
Do you have link to this recipe? 
Money shot? 
#MANLINESS INTENSIFIES 
7e0waa
Underrated as one of the great food combinations of the world. 
Yuuuummmmm. Literally the best.  
Tried hitting up that spot when I was visiting NY, but the wait was waaay too long. Ended up finding another joint that was close by that also had delicious bagels! 
7e14m3
Smoked tritip is great. Yours looks really tasty. I prefer mine on the grill but I'll never turn down one that's been smoked 
That's a good looking deep smoke. 
Knew nothing of Tri-tip until I went out west to visit my wife s family.  Tough to get that cut back east unless you specifically ask for it from a butcher. 
This looks so yummy 
In my mouth now 
7dwvj8
Very pretty. How thick is the curd compared to shortbread?  
Sometimes I'll be minding my own business browsing Reddit and all of the sudden stumble across a post on r/food that consumes my mind like I want to consume those cookies.  
All of **a** sudden.  
7e1bar
This looks amazing. What's the recipe? 
That look beautiful, is it as hot as it looks?  
I actually followed this recipe which I found online,http://www.bongcookbook.com/2013/05/chingri-aloo-phulkopir-dalna-and-food.html?m=1 

It is a bit hot,but not overpowering :) 
7e0j53
Recipe adapted from: https://www.howsweeteats.com/2012/03/four-cheese-baked-skillet-rigatoni/

BACON CHEESE SKILLET RIGATONI

1 lb rigatoni 

3 minced garlic cloves

1 diced shallot

5 Tbsp butter

1/4 c flour

2 c milk

1/3 c mascarpone cheese

8 oz grated gruyere

8 oz grated cheddar 

8 oz grated fontina 

1/4 tsp nutmeg 

1 lb cooked bacon 

Salt and pepper to taste

Panko bread crumbs

INSTRUCTIONS:

Preheat oven to 375. Cook pasta al dente. 

Heat large oven safe skillet over medium heat.  Add butter to skillet with a splash of olive oil.  When melted, add diced shallot with a pinch of salt.  After 2-3 minutes, add garlic. After 30 seconds, add flour and stir continuously to create a roux. Whisk continuously. When golden brown (after 2-3 minutes), add milk.  Continue stirring.  Add mascarpone and most of grated cheese.  Continue to stir and add salt, pepper, and nutmeg.  Add pasta to skillet and stir. 

Sprinkle the rest of the cheese on top, in addition to Panko bread crumbs.  Bake for 30-35 minutes until golden brown.  
I'm drooling as I look at the close up of the bacon mac n' cheese.  Now that's real comfort food! 
Recipe?? 
Yes please dear god. Thanksgiving awaits!
 
Mmm, cheddar, gruyere, marscapone, and fontina. 
7dxeaq
Does the poaching help? I've heard about it before but have never done it. 
Just curious, why the poach step first?  Is it to ensure it's thoroughly cooked without over frying it?  Also, is there a discernable difference in taste/texture with poaching it over other methods?  I've only fried chicken strips in Chinese recipes so I'm not familiar with frying larger pieces of chicken. 
Yeah it did. 

Usually I'd only poach when making a chicken ballotine, but I was in an experimental kinda mood today. 

Came out well, really moist inside and as it was precooked I was able to flash fry on a high heat to get the breadcrumbs crispy. 
Poaching chicken in stock etc is just a very gentle way of cooking and also adds nice flavour.

To be honest I normally pan fry chicken without this step over a low heat. As I had broken down a whole chicken and used the carcass to make a stock I thought I'd poach and then flash fry. 

Turned out fairly well, really nice crisp outside but ridiculously moist in the middle. 
I'll try this out I think it sounds fantastic.  Thanks for the tip. 
7e17sk
wow
i wanna 
Ya me too, now I gotta get out of bed 
7e0p3p
Here s a medal  . Congrats. Really. You re doing tremendous things that absolutely no one else has done 
What have you ever gained from having that kind of attitude? You can be much happier if you have a more positive outlook  
Its a subreddit about food, what did you expect? They're not  going too take a picture of food and not eat it. 
Should something unique. Not something boring as fuck that people see everyday  
You see Sushi every day? 
7e18am
Nice. /r/ramen/ 
7e0t3b
looks as good as a cafe brunch 
Been looking at a lot of food posts here... this looks amazing   
7e0abs
You had me at garlic dill mayo 
Give me! I t looks great  
Sexy 
Hold the Mayo-naise.  
Recipe please PM me 
7dxqeb
Going a little heavy on the poppy seed aren't you? 
The recipe is one I've been working on, there is lemon zest and poppyseed in the dough. 
For a second I thought you had ants on your donuts.  Otherwise looks good.
 
Recipe please? 
Those poppy seeds can make you pop hot on nano drug tests.  
7dxh9y
Clearly a bad batch. 
Chuck it over here and I ll get rid of it for ya.  
Previous post got deleted. My take on Serious Eats Guinness Stew 

http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2016/01/irish-guinness-beef-stew-recipe.html 
Looks awesome! I made something similar with oxtail last week, super rich! 
7dzr6c
7e0shp
Recipy? They look awesome. 
7e0zal
7e1kan
Drool  
This is why you millennials can't afford health care and other nice things /s 
This looks hellishly good. Aaaand it s 2 am and my stomach s rumbling. 
These chips look amazing. 
hue hue

https://www.studentproblems.com/millennials-home-owners/ 
7dz1ne
7e1610
The liquor is amazing too! 

Its my weekend coffee flavor 
Stroopwafels forever!!  
Stroopwafels fucking rule! 
Want that cup! 
Lekker! 
7dulfw
This is definitely porn. So hot     ^_^ 
*Will* be making these.  Thanks for the recipe! 
Recipe? 
Did your father invent them? 
please sell them 
7durz1
i ate a beaver once. 
Beaver. Mmmmmm..... 
With One Sauce to Rule Them All!  Which was your favorite? 
The moose. It was so tender and flavorful. Mixed feelings as a truely appreciate the beauty in them.  
Thats game chili. Mixed game meats.  
7e0e3e
Where is this? 
Pickled cucumber, you say? Never heard of it.  
Gourmet burger kitchen 
The menu specified pickled cucumber and not gherkins - they hadn t been pickled long and were not much like gherkins at all, which is why I described them as I did  
7e0gye
wow looks so good 
7dxvkn
Looks delicious  
7e0zwd
Ah good another wise soul who has discovered the joy of black pudding and chilli sauce. You should be putting a blob on the yolks of your fried eggs, though. Just a heads up. 
Haha encona has become a staple with everything these days. I actually usually do put a blob or two on my yolks, but this time decided I d go for the standard large blob next to the eggs, so that if a fancied it I could have a mouthful of yolk chilli-free. 
7e176j
7e1506
Fun to say, fun to eat!  
Cheap and delouses add a little Pesto lots of garlic. 
That serving size is /r/1200isplenty  
7dzwr7
7e1kqm
7e1iqk
This looks awesome.  
I ll probably get banned for this, but I once tried a recipe for general tso s that used ketchup. It worked out surprisingly well, but yours is probably better.  
Oh man, this looks so tasty. The consistent sizes of the chicken cuts is visually really pleasing. As far as the whole shao xing thing goes, I think your substitution makes a lot of sense especially given how sweet the dish is supposed to be. The only time I can really tell a difference between shao xing and any other rice wine when cooking is when I braise some hong shao rou for like an hour. Anyway, good call, looks fantastic.  
I just made this for dinner tonight, it was a total WIN! I didn't have sambal so I used sriracha and chili garlic sauce.  
Fun fact: this is a Chinese-American invention. This dish does not exist in traditional Chinese cooking.

Fun fact #2: same goes for fortune cookies.  
7dslcn
Looks yummie. Recipe please? I can't get mine to taste just right, I'm close but something's wrong. 
That seems contradictory... 
Why is there carrots in there lol
 
Isn't the whole point of kimchi that it shouldn't be fresh? Also, adding carrots seems like an odd choice. 
It looks awesome, but isn't "fresh" kimchi an oxymoron?  
7dxl9l
What s grits please?  
A bland diahrreah like substance.  Can put just about anything in it.  It's not bad.  
7e1jcd
Pretty! 
7dzixd
"Another babka?" 
You sold me a hair with a babka around it.  
Looks delicious 
I prefer ring-dings and Pepsi. 
Those look really good. 
7dsx80
The strawberry leaves on top make me wish there was mint on top 
Rice Krispie treats are such an underrated treat. Nice job looks amazing. 
What a great idea! 
Looks good and tastes fantastic!! 
Haha, that's a good idea 
7dy9zg
Looks good. /r/ramen/ 
Wasn't aware that's a thing, though it kinda figures with the amount of ramen posts on r/food 
7e0svn
Great job!! What kinda white wine is that? Wine is literally one of the greatest complimentary beverages for Indian food.  It really cleans the palate beautifully after each spicy bite. 
Can you please please give me the receipt for the Chana masala?  
Some Indian food right there.  
Thank you!  You re going to laugh at this but it s actually Coors Light in a wine glass hahaha! 
I'm proud of you 
7dy39h
Okay so for the dough,

  1000 grams of flour
  1.5 grams of instant dry yeast
  30 grams of salt
  600 ML of water

1. You're going to combine the water, salt, and yeast and a tiny bit of flour. 
2. Once combined you can add the rest of your flour and on your hook attachment you will knead for approximately 20 minutes, alternatively you can let it sit for 12-14 hours OR my favorite method, by hand.
3. You'll want to let it rise for about 2 hours covered in an oven with the pilot light on
4. Cut into 4 pieces (making four pizzas) and let sit again covered for 2-4 hours (MAKE THE SAUCE AND HEAT UP YOUR PIZZA STONE IN THE LAST HOUR, YOU CAN MOVE YOUR DOUGH TO THE MICROWAVE)

For the sauce it's up to what kind of recipe you like, personally my favorite was Chef Johns from Foodwishes, it was a bit on the hotter side which I personally love. 

Same with toppings of course.

My oven setting was a high broiler mode with the pizza stone as high as it'll go, keep an eye on the pizza because it might only take 5 minutes or so. 
im full of envy as much as there are cheese in that pizza 
7dyqpt
Looks delicious! Where did you get it? 
Is it normal to have that few bits of sashimi? Most poke bowls I've seen have a lot more scoops of fish, and they are big scoops too. Or at least from the few poke places I've seen. 
Get seaweed salad bra/broheim  
Yum! 
[removed] 
7dw7g9
2 bottles eh?  
The steak looks delicious  
She s thirsty today.   The Pinot is tasting odd unfortunately.  Have held it for 4 yrs :( 
You have to drink your wine within four days of buying I t or it ll go bad  
Cheap ready to drink wine? 
7dynyj
7e1oih
That looks so tasty.  I want to pour oil and herbs all over that bad boy. 
What kind of milk did you use?  
What's the easiest/best way to do this? 
The cheapest whole milk I can find, since I don't live in a fresh dairy area.

Edit: $2/gallon yields a pound or so of cheese. Can't really beat that. 
[30 minute mozzarella](http://www.cheesemaking.com/howtomakemozzarellacheese.html) 
7dvamx
Ooh do you have a recipe!? 
7e1ngx
Tell me your roux secrets! Looks amazing.  
ive never liked food like this, but it seems to look or maybe taste  exquisite. Thumbs up 
Cast iron skillet, equal parts flour and oil, stir constantly.  
It was a cast iron skillet, bacon grease and flour. Stirred constantly for 30 minutes. Then mixed in the peppers onions and celery. The roux was a pain, and for a time, I thought I'd burned it since this was the first time I've tried this recipe and I didn't know what to expect. Turned out really good though. 
Roux's are a fickle bitch. The line between perfection and burnt is a fine one. I never cooked the holy trinity in the roux, I just tossed them in after.   
7dy8xy
7e0e97
I posted another picture that didn't do well the other day... I'm pretty proud of these so I've decided to give it another go. [InsideView](https://imgur.com/A5hqCOY) 
Omg send me some 
You should be proud, that is some serious work and they look absolutely amazing. Beautiful.  
That, is some great work. They look incredible. Recipe? This looks like something I could try. 
These are beautiful! Recipe, please! This is a work of art! 
7dtejv
Where was this from? 
Is there anything in the bubbles or is it just a cool looking cone. 
7dxib8
7e1eoh
Sexy 
yum! 
Somehow I've never realised you could serve a parmi with spaghetti... I must try this. 
Please be kind! It s my first time trying since I got a deep fryer!! 
Hot chips and a very sad looking salad! It s the Australian pub way!  
7dxaz2
7e0voh
https://prettysimplesweet.com/chocolate-layer-cake/  1.5x the recipe  to get 3 layers 

https://www.shugarysweets.com/2012/09/salted-caramel-swiss-meringue-frosting  
7dywen
That's a carnivore's delight, and the lamb looks well prepared. (Not overly done.)  I bet it was delicious! 
pink and juicy 
Not appetizing.  
Found the vegan! 
Everyone's entitled to their own, wrong, opinion. 
7dxn1c
7e1noo
Wow. 
Something seems off about that sauce. How thick was it? Was it put on cold? 
Wait, so instead of English muffin it's an artichoke heart?? 
7dxxr5
What's this, a feast for ants? Looks tasty by the way! 
I'm assuming food trucks because of the cartons, size, and picnic? 
7dyx4x
7dz2b0
7e1gki
That's beautiful 
Well done. Looks delicious.  
Recipe?  They look soooo good! 
Recipe please? These would make a great gift for my dad. 
7dwhqo
7e0uma
7e07ad
7e076g
